(chronologically):

Costin Badica - he advised Liviu Lalescu to begin this project, offered suggestions and provided him with documentation.

Carsten Niehaus - suggestions.

Imre Nagy - old mailing list (does not work anymore), suggestions.

Sajith V. K. - suggestions

Michael Towers - lots of bugs reported, sample files, suggestions, front/back-end.

Antti Leppik - sample file, suggestions.

Ian Fantom - sample file, suggestions.

Simon Ghetti - sample files, suggestions.

Gibbon Tamba - sample file, bug reported.

Jerome Durand - bug reported, French translation.

Marek Jaszuk - bugs reported, suggestions, sample file.

Ramanathan Srinivasan - suggested Constraint2ActivitiesConsecutive and Constraint2ActivitiesGrouped.

Vimal Joseph - suggestions, a script to convert the .xml results into .tex.

Cristian Gherman - bugs reported, suggestions.

Nicholas Robinson - suggestions.

Radu Spineanu - Debian package.

Morten Piil - bug reported, sample file.

Sebastian Canagaratna - lots of suggestions, bugs reported, sample files.

Abdul Hadi Kamel - sample file, bugs reported, Malay translation.

Miguel Gea Milvaques - Catalan translation.

Frans de Bruijn - bug reported.

Radoslaw Pasiok - Polish translation.

Daan Huntjens - bug reported, sample file, suggestions, partial Dutch translation.

Yush Yuen - sample file, bug report.

Scott Sweeting - sample file, suggestions, icon for FET.

Dragos Petrascu - suggestions.

Daniel S. - suggestions, help files for the constraints.

Gianluca Salvo - suggested Constraint2ActivitiesOrdered.

Sebastian O'Halloran - suggestions.

Mehmet Gezmisoglu - Turkish translation.

Tom Hosty - sample file, bugs reported, user's guide.

Niels Fikse - Dutch translation.

Simon Bohlin - suggestions.

Volker Dirr - German translation, bug reports, suggestions, 2-point and uniform crossover implementation and testing.

Les Richardson - Update of the FAQ.

Gabi Danon - instructions on how to compile/run FET on some platforms

Manolo Par - suggested ConstraintTeachersMinHoursDaily.

Viktor Ferenczi - bug report, Hungarian translation.

Patrick Fox - improved French translation.

Andres Chandia - icons.

Zoran Zdravkovski - bug reports, Macedonian translation.

Constantin Romulus - bug reports, sample file (private), small improvements in Romanian translation, testing, fet forum logo.

L. W. Johnstone - suggestions, sample file.

Zsolt Udvari - suggestions.

mantas - bug reports.

moryus - bug report.

bb - suggestions.

Maciej Deorowicz - suggestions.

José César Fernández López - Spanish translation.

Daniel Chiriac - suggestions.

Dimitrios Ropokis - suggestions, Greek translation.

Danail - suggestions.

Peter Ambroz - suggestions.

Nirwan Yus - Indonesian translation.

Marco Barsotti - Italian translation, testing.

Silver - Arabic translation, sample file.

Horatiu Halmajan - suggestions.

kdsayang - suggestions.

didit - suggestions.

Bobby Wise - sample files.

Willy Henckert - sample file.

Wilfred - suggestions.

W. D. John - sample file.

Darius Staigys - Lithuanian translation.

George Miliotis [Ionio] - suggestions.

Sílvia - suggestions, sample file.

Chafik Graiguer - suggestions, testing.

Niels Stargardt - sample file.

Cristian Balint - sample files.

sherman - suggestion.

Azu Boba - suggestion.

Thomas Schwartz - bug report.

Catalin Maican - suggestions.

Ilya V. Paramonov - Russian translation.

Hamed SadeghiNeshat - Persian translation.

Joan de Gracia - Catalan translation of the manual.

Massimo Mancini - suggestions.

Regina V. Kryvakovska - Russian translation additional checking.

ßingen - suggestions.

Angela - suggestions.

T. Renganathan - sample file.

Marco - sample file.

sally sat - Persian translation update.

sstt2 - bug report.

Nikos Koutsoukos - suggestions, bug reports.

pinco - suggestions.

Ben Bauer - suggestions.

Rodica Lalescu - suggestions.

Gigica Nedelcu - icons design.

Paolo Cataldi - suggestions.

Gerrit Jan Veltink - sample file, suggestions.

Soyeb Aswat - suggestions.

Andriy Melnyk - Ukrainian translation.

Frans - suggestions.

m - suggestions.

Christoph Schilling - sample file.

Frank Mártin - Brazilian Portuguese translation.

Werner Bruns - Brazilian Portuguese translation.

aliponte - sample file.

David Lamhauge - Danish translation.

murad - suggestions.

Achini Duisna - Sinhala translation.

Ondrej Gregor - Slovak translation.

Karel Rodríguez Varona - bug report.

Remus Turea - help with the FET homepage.

Joachim - suggestions.

Chichi Lalescu - suggestions.

Iftekhar Ahmad - suggestions.

DT - suggestions.

Yotam Medini - Hebrew translation.

mohd - suggestions.

Dimitris Kanatas - Greek translation update.

waleed - sample file.

aang - suggestions.

M K Lohumi - sample file.

Régis Bouguin - French translation update.

Ivan Starchevicy - Serbian translation.

Radan Putnik - Serbian translation.

Asti Widayanti - sample file.

uni_instructor - suggestions.

liquid - suggestions.

Juan Marcos Filgueira Gomis - Galician translation (based on the Spanish translation by José César Fernández López, as of April 2011).

llantones - example file.

Christian Kemmer - suggestions.

Davide G. M. Salvetti - suggestions.

lalloso - suggestions.

drew - suggestions.

Fabio Piedimonte - suggestions.

K - suggestions.

Karel Rodríguez Varona - suggestions.

skinkone - suggestions.

Jonathan Block - suggestions.

Nguyen Truong Thang - Vietnamese translation.

kdrosos - bug report.

Ian Holden - suggestions and code.

Sarwan Bangar - bug report.

Petros Nouvakis - suggestions, sample file.

mma - suggestions.

Orzubek Eraliyev - Uzbek translation.

k1aas - suggestions.

nomad - suggestions.

Robert Sutcliffe - suggestions.

rjmillett - suggestions.

yasin dehghan - suggestions.

Daniel - sample file.

Pietro - suggestions.

arivasm - suggestion.

AZ - suggestion.

Etlau - suggestions.

Nemo - suggestions.

Anton Anthofer - suggestions.

Danny Zitzman - suggestions.

geaplanet - sample file.

Leandro Bueno - suggestions.

Laid Messaoudi - sample files.

karim - suggestions.

hicham_idrissi - bug report.

Davide Cottignoli - suggestions.

agemagician - suggestions.

Vlăduţ Frăţiman - suggestions.

vlad2005 - suggestions.

mouiata - suggestions.

rapsy - sample file.

clouds - suggestions.

MarioMic - suggestions.

Cloves das Neves - Brazilian Portuguese translation.

pedrobordon - sample file.

Tonny Chan - suggestion.

Artur Lugu - Albanian translation.

plaldw - suggestion.

jimmyjim - suggestions for a custom version.

Curtis Wilson - suggestions for a custom version.

Mohamed Bahaj - example file.

Thomas Klausner - pkgsrc packager.

Jörg Sonnenberger - patch to fix a building problem for the new C++11.

Boubker - suggestions.

Alexey Loginov - suggestions.

_indianajones - suggestion.

russell - suggestion.

Nguyen Huu Tuyen - example files.

fromturkey - suggestion.

orange - Chinese Simplified translation.

nguyenhuuduyet - example file.

Vanyo Georgiev - suggestion.

bharatstank - suggestion.

alxgudea - suggestion.

andrealva - suggestion.

dotosouza - suggestion.

Bob Hairgrove - suggestions.

James - Chinese Traditional translation.

Khalilullah Yosufi - suggestions.

mercurialuser - suggestions.

azaer - bug report.

chintu - suggestion.

khalafi - suggestion.

jillali elghazoui - suggestion.

Mohamed NAJARI - suggestions.

youssouf - suggestion.

Pascal Cohen - French translation.

Asier Urio Larrea - Basque translation.

Pavel Fric - Czech translation.

Michel - bug report.

MilesM - suggestion.

adso - suggestions.

locutusofborg - suggestions.

Maouhoub - suggestion.

flauta - Italian translation typos reported.

Marco Vassura - suggestion and code.

Luigi Valbonesi - suggestions.

fernandolordao - suggestion.

Wizard - suggestion.

ant7 - suggestion.

Lizio - suggestions.

Omar Ben Ali - suggestions for the Morocco custom version.

Nguyen Trong Hieu - help with the Vietnamese translation of the Algeria custom version.

Arsenio Stabile - suggestions.

Vangelis Karafillidis - suggestion.

Handaya - suggestions.

Sudharshan K M - example file.

Nataraj Urs H D - example file.

Alexandre R. Soares - Brazilian Portuguese translation.

hudrea - suggestions.

Udo Schütz - suggestions.

Jijo Jose - example file.

Fernando Poblete - suggestions.

Benahmed Abdelkrim - suggestion.

math user - suggestion.

ChicagoPianoTuner - suggestion.

MING-KIAN JONATHAN CEDRIC LEE KIM GNOK - suggestion.

daltinkurt - suggestion.

Léo-Paul Roch - suggestion.

Matthias Söllner - suggestion.

auriolar - suggestions.

dmcdonald - suggestion.

wahyuamin - example file.

abautu - suggestions.

Jan Losinski - suggestions.

mrtvillaret - suggestion.

alienglow - suggestion.

noddy11 - suggestion.

JBoss - suggestion.

thanhnambkhn - suggestion.

Malamojka - bug report.
